# Work-holding-fixturing-Machines-in-Dubai-UAE
Our work holding and automation tools helps you to streamline and simplify your job setup tasks by providing quick clamping and secure holding without any distortion. Our work holding and automation tool provides high clamping forces in a variety of space requirements thereby providing good accessibility to the work piece. Our work holding and automation tools are simple to use and helps to increase accuracy and production efficiency.     Our well trained and experienced sales engineers for Work Holding and Automation Tools specifically for each region – UAE, Oman, KSA, Bahrain, Qatar, Kuwait will be happy to attend to your enquiries and suggest you the best model of the machine for your requirement.  Strong Hand Tools  We are providing Quick Acting strong hand tools like Welding Clamps, Magnets, Pliers, welding tables and Vices allow you to create accurate fit-ups quickly, safely and efficiently. The rapid lock and release action of Toggle Clamps makes them ideal for applications in MRO, manufacturing, and fixturing . Yes machinery have re-engineered traditional tools such as: Sliding Arm Clamps, Welding Magnetic Squares, Pliers, welding tables, toggle clamps and Vices to strong hand tools with improved performance in clamping and fixturing.  Our strong hand tools are multi-functional, and adaptable for all types of work holding in welding, assembly, and repair operations in Dubai,UAE. All Strong Hand Tools are "Quick Acting" for fast setup and affordably priced to fit any budget. Our products are designed to fall in the most innovative, timesaving, money-saving work holding tools category to improve your efficiency, productivity, and profitability in UAE.  Pipe Fitup Clamps  Our German make pipe fitted tools for your pipe shop that would save a lot of time, helps you do your welding jobs to utmost precision and accuracy thereby ensuring repeated job orders.
